annot: mix tamarind sauce, plum sugar, sugar, fish sauce and a pinch of salt together
ACTID: 0
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] tamarind sauce (-1), plum sugar (-1), sugar (-1), fish sauce (-1), a pinch of salt (-1)
annot: heat olive oil in a pan
ACTID: 1
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] olive oil (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: add the raddish and fried tofu
ACTID: 2
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] the radish (-1), fried tofu (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: Crack 2 eggs to the pan
ACTID: 3
PRED: crack
[DOBJ, food] 2 eggs (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (2)
annot: stir fry
ACTID: 4
PRED: stir fry
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: Add the shrimps to the pan
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the shrimps (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (4)
annot: Add the rice noodles and a little water to the pan
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the rice noodles (-1), a little water (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (5)
annot: Stir to mix the ingredients
ACTID: 7
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] the ingredients (6)
annot: Add the mixed sauce, red chili powder, leeks, sprouts and nuts
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the mixed sauce (0), red chili powder (-1), leeks (-1), sprouts (-1), nuts (-1)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: Serve the pad thai with some lime
ACTID: 9
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] the pad thai (8)
[PP, food, with] some lime (-1)